My love.
[VOICE BREAKING]
Oh, Douglas.
Mrs. Goddard?
I'm Douglas' son, Matthew.
I've loved you
from the first day we met.
Will you marry me?
Matthew and Olivia
have just become engaged.
No more family secrets.
Not for me.
Dawnie could give old Marilyn
a run for her money
in the pins department,
especially when you go
like that!
You're in the family way,
aren't you?
It's them!
James and Olivia.
- They're home. [LAUGHS]
- Where is James?
OLIVIA: James could hardly come
home without visiting William.
But when we got to the Riviera,
it was
as if it was destined to be.
Well, shouldn't a father
want what's best for his son?
And what of Georgie, James?
Your son?
HENRY:
I gave up a life for him.
I hope he rots
on the stinking Riviera.
ANNA:
Is it insane to suggest
that we might see
where it may lead?
HENRY: Only one thing has ever
made me consider marriage.
My own child.
- ANNA: [SOBS]
- Anna...
It seems
I'm doomed by sterility.
Doctor No Nuts.
You get one chance.
You've had yours.
Next time,
you'll be swallowing teeth.
You'll be its mistress soon.
It will always be yours
as much as ours,
if that's what you want.
Perhaps we should all go.
- To?
- To Israel.
- Might help me make up my mind.
- About?
I suspect I know
what you're contemplating.
Sharing a faith
would make it easier for David.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Just straight through
to the living room.
MAN: No worries.
- [LAUGHTER]
- POPPY: Shh!
We have to be quiet!
[CROW CAWING]
The crows have been attacking
the weaker lambs.
We've employed a man
to cull them.
You won't guess who.
GEORGE: Surely not.
Only part time.
We had our reasons.
He didn't get my nod.
Later.
It'll teach you to go away.
Yeah, clearly.
I've missed this.
DAVID:
[IMITATING PLANE WHIRRING]
SARAH:
How's Dawn been, then?
- ROY: She gets stonkered easy.
- SARAH: Mm.
It's no wonder.
She's heavy.
Twins?
- Don't even think it.
- [CHUCKLES]
What's this shindig all about?
Oh, we couldn't wait
to see you all.
Soon as you lob?
Nah, something's goin' on.
Two more to arrive first.
They must have been delayed
on the road.
Oh, so from the city, then, eh?
That's all you're getting.
George is keeping schtum
about all this.
- So?
- You're as bad as Roy.
- Patience!
- You love being mysterious.
SARAH: [CHUCKLES]
JACK: Can we, uh, expect you
back at the clinic?
Am I needed?
[SIGHS]
It's a bit of a schemozzle.
A lot of the men are anti.
- Still?
- Worse.
Stan's geeing them up.
Says we're giving
the women notions.
- Who'd listen?
- Enough to worry about.
Have they thought
of looking in the mirror?
Caro's given him a job here.
Hoped it might settle him.
- Has it?
- See how we go.
So?
We getting you back?
Whatever helps.
Excuse me.
Oh, it's a lovely plane.
Did Mummy and Daddy say
why they wanted us here?
Yes.
And why was that?
It's a secret.
Well, you can tell me.
DAVID: No.
Only me?
Daddy said not to,
especially you.
[LAUGHS]
He's got your number.
Oh.
Something's definitely afoot.
- How are you bearing up?
- You all right, Dawnie?
Oh, we might pop off,
soon as we know what's what.
Well, you just say so
if you're not up to it.
Ah, excuse me.
I wonder
if it's Anna and Olivia.
- What?
- These mysterious late arrivals.
Home from Hawaii.
That would make four.
Matthew and Georgie, too.
Then perhaps just Anna,
with a new beau.
- An American amorato?
- Any amorato.
A mother can hope.
A mother can.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
HOST: You may now risk
all of it, none of it,
or part of it
on our board question.
[MATTHEW AND OLIVIA LAUGH]
MAN: I think we'll take
the $600 Medicine.
HOST: Medicine.
All right.
And do you trust yourself,
or do you trust your wife?
- MAN: I trust my wife.
- I love this show,
but it's very silly.
HOST:
The Schick test is taken
to determine immunity
to what disease?
OLIVIA:
Don't trust me with that one.
- WOMAN: Diphtheria.
- HOST: Diphtheria is right.
- [APPLAUSE]
- [BOTH LAUGH]
HOST: Bank goes to $1,200.
GEORGE: Any preference?
- Boy or a girl?
- A boy.
Help even up the numbers
when Emma's home from school.
How is she?
Oh, I don't know
where she got her brains from.
It wasn't me.
[CHUCKLES]
You must miss her.
DAWN: It's better
she gets her education.
She wants to be a doctor.
- Ah.
- You're making me giddy.
DORIS: Nurse was good enough
in our day.
- Times are changing.
- [DAVID LAUGHING]
David!
[SIGHS]
Excuse me.
Oh, I meant to ask about
Leah Gold.
No reason for her to rush home
now Larry's gone.
A rock 'n' roll band.
Honestly.
He could be the next
Johnny O'Keefe, his mum says.
They made a record.
Hop over there
and play with your toys.
- ELIZABETH: [LAUGHS]
- He...
He's plane crazy.
They used to fly
over the kibbutz.
Ah.
How was it there?
GEORGE:
The kibbutz itself, interesting.
It's an unusual way of life.
The country, it has its issues.
It's...
It's good to be home.
And Sarah?
- Sarah what?
- Oh.
We were just discussing Israel.
Your feelings?
To realize the hope
without doing harm...
That's where the challenge lies.
GEORGE: Well, I was
just about to explain some
of the more eccentric aspects
of living in a kibbutz.
SARAH: Oh.
- Oh.
- CAROLYN: Hello.
- HENRY: What's all this?
- [CHUCKLES, SMOOCHES]
I have no idea.
They won't tell us.
He wasn't on our list.
We thought
you'd omitted him in error.
Oh, there was a reason for that.
This could be awkward.
Why?
- Oh.
- Yes.
Oh!
Oh, how wonderful.
GEORGE: Yes, yes.
It's he who's coming?
He's returned?
- Not just him.
- ELIZABETH: Oh.
How does it feel?
It's the first time I've been
here not as a part of it.
You?
Last time, I barged in.
At least, this time,
I'm invited.
What?
- Henry's.
- Excuse me, sir.
I'm Poppy, sir. I joined
the household since you left.
Isn't this exciting?
No one knows?
The staff love
being part of the surprise.
- Do you have the...
- In the boot.
You best work quickly.
Ready?
Chop-chop!
You've had no hint
of Anna returning?
No. Her letters dried up
when she hit Hawaii.
They must be keeping her busy.
- GEORGE: Henry, welcome.
- Welcome home.
You've been missed,
especially you.
- SARAH: [CHUCKLES]
- I won't take offense.
HENRY:
I was talking professionally.
You might want to leave.
DORIS: Oh!
Do my eyes deceive me?
Too late.
Home is the wanderer,
home from the hill.
- We hadn't expected you.
- We are sorry.
Mrs. Goddard, how thrilling!
Harry!
How ya goin'?
- James?
- Roy.
Everyone.
Surprise.
And a wonderful one, my darling.
Welcome home.
And surely not...
No.
All will be explained.
Deep breaths.
So, he's ended up
with his bit of rough.
It's not like that.
- George.
- Yes.
We'd like you all
to join us inside.
But before then, David...
why don't you come
and tell everybody why...
why we're here?
Mummy and Daddy are married!
[LAUGHTER]
CAROLYN: [LAUGHS]
ROY: [LAUGHS]
GEORGE: All will be revealed
soon enough.
Poppy!
Edith. Beth.
Come on!
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
SARAH: [GASPS]
- Oh!
- Oh.
Oh.
When was all this managed?
The staff have been busy
behind the scenes.
- Thank you.
- POPPY: Our pleasure, sir.
Well, they have a clear skill
for subterfuge.
It's been such fun, ma'am.
We smuggled most of it down
with us.
We helped.
If you'd all like
to find places.
Uh, please stay.
Thank you, sir.
SARAH: No, thank you.
- All.
- ROY: You right, Dawnie?
Do you need a cushion?
- Later.
- I'm not interested.
ROY: Looks a bit like
a battleship, doesn't it?
We'll watch him.
WOMAN:
Oh, isn't it amazing?
You're looking wonderful.
Well, explanations are required.
Too right.
- [CHUCKLES]
- Darling?
- Oh, don't you...
- It was your scheme.
SARAH: As you can imagine,
our different religions
and less-than-orthodox path
to marriage
left us with a dilemma
of what sort of wedding to have.
To avoid confusion, we married
in a civil ceremony in Sydney
before we drove down.
[ROY LAUGHS]
- I so looked forward to...
- [CHUCKLES]
- I'm sorry.
- Settle.
Aunt Peg is very frail,
and getting her to the registry
office was effort enough.
So she was maid of honor,
James best man,
Harry, a witness.
This, however,
is our true wedding.
Pledging ourselves
before ones we love
in the place that we call home.
And what could be better?
It's like an episode
of "When a Girl Marries."
Forgive us for robbing you
of our traditional trappings.
Yes, and for the subterfuge.
You're forgiven.
And you, sneaky boy.
[CHUCKLES]
We would like to exchange vows
by expressing
what our love means to us.
Sarah...
...what can I say,
apart from thank you?
Thank you for loving me.
Thank you for challenging me,
changing me, enriching me.
Thank you
for making me a better man.
Thank you for our beautiful boy
and for the future
we will share.
SARAH: [SNIFFLES]
- Hmm?
- Come here.
Good boy.
Go back to Grandma.
Oh. [CHUCKLES]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
I love you, Sarah.
Sarah Bligh.
- Finally.
- [CHUCKLES]
- About time.
- Roy!
Ah, it's my turn.
Um...
George, I'm a fighter.
I [BREATHES DEEPLY]
I don't give up easily.
But I had when I met you.
I'd given up on happiness.
I didn't know it... until you
brought it back into my life.
It's been a struggle at times
to hold on to it,
but as I said, I am a fighter.
We both are,
in our different ways.
What a gloriously unlikely pair
we are.
[LAUGHTER]
Darling.
Thank you, darling.
But we are a pair.
And here we are.
We three.
Ooh!
Oh, thank you, my loves.
- [SMOOCHES]
- Kissing. Yuck.
[LAUGHTER]
Bravo.
[DOG BARKING, SHEEP BLEATING]
Mr. O'Rourke.
Saved you some wedding cake.
No, I'm off.
AGATHA: Tomorrow, then.
That why all the fuss?
He needs his head read,
old Georgie Porgie.
[SCOFFS]
Her as a missus.
- There's no need for that.
- Ah, keep your cake.
I'd gag on it.
GEORGE:
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
- She was so proud of you.
- She was.
- Sure.
- She was thrilled to be there.
- Thank you so much.
- DORIS: Oh!
- Thank you, dear.
- POPPY: David?
Oh, no. He can have
some of mine. Thank you.
Ah.
You girls
kept your counsel admirably.
- I almost giggled a few times.
- [CHUCKLES]
So, will it be Mrs. Bligh
seeing to the house now?
Oh, practicalities can wait.
POPPY: Yes, ma'am.
If you have to leave, leave.
GEORGE: Like a duck to water,
Mrs. Collins.
I think it's probably best.
Excuse me.
The staff have ears.
It was hard enough for him
to stay this long.
There's no need for petulance.
CAROLYN:
Don't prod the tiger.
- [SIGHS]
- Hm.
JAMES: Can we talk?
- No.
- Please?
[SCOFFS]
What's there to say?
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Might make you feel better.
It does nothing for me.
I left with every intention
of returning.
But you saw William,
and love blinded you.
So, what's Harry?
- Rough on the side?
- He's my friend.
Oh, very friendly, I'm sure.
JAMES: I only saw him
because of the wedding.
Enjoy your wedding night.
JAMES: When you're up to being
something other than a bitch...
...we'll talk.
If not...
...I wish you well.
Perhaps this is what I ran from.
The side of you
that always challenged me.
And why shouldn't I be bitchy?
You brought me here
with the promise of forever
and then found
your Riviera root.
The excitement's exhausted him.
[VEHICLE DOOR CLOSES,
ENGINE STARTS]
- [SIGHS]
- Problem?
[VEHICLE DEPARTING]
I need some air.
We hadn't expected him, James.
I...
Nothing should ruin this
for you.
I'll settle his nibs.
Back to your celebration.
James needs you more.
He's up there.
Welcome home.
Not home.
Not anymore.
- Thank you.
Anna and Olivia
will be disappointed.
We didn't want
to drag them back from Hawaii
for something so informal.
Well, they'd have appreciated
the choice.
GEORGE:
They'd have felt obliged.
We'll telephone them tomorrow.
You're not too disappointed?
The deliciousness of the
surprise saves you from censure.
Mm.
What happened
to your conversion, may I ask?
They didn't want me.
- Surely not?
- I thought you'd be relieved.
Well, I am, of course,
but how offensive!
Oh, they saw right through me.
You see, I was doing it
for love, not love of God.
Any group judging you unworthy,
let alone...
Careful.
I must choose my words.
Probably best.
How much will we have to walk
on religious eggshells, George?
How Jewish
will the household be?
As Jewish as Sarah wants it.
It is her home now.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS
IN DISTANCE]
ROY: Getting a taste for it.
A man's not a camel, is he?
- [LAUGHTER]
- Thank you.
DORIS: So, Sydney
agrees with you, Mr. Polson?
- Mostly, yep.
- And is there
any particular heart
that flutters there for you?
Oh, fair go, Doris.
Well, we women
consider such things.
He looks so well,
doesn't he, Doctor?
- Changed fella.
- DORIS: Mm.
I'll leave you to it.
See where Caro's got to.
It's such a transformation
from the man who left us...
- how long ago?
- Four years ago.
Four years.
I'm astonished that some lass
hasn't snapped you up by now.
Oh, well, there's too much
choice in the big smoke,
- isn't there, mate?
- Oh, you men.
Dawn, your color, dear.
Mr. Briggs.
ROY:
You all right, darling?
JACK: Seen Caro?
- She's talking with James.
- Ah.
- Happy?
- Very.
You?
Getting by.
Work or...
Uh, Caro and me.
We're mucking along.
How's she with that?
Oh, okay one day,
frustrated the next.
Nothing's changed.
[CHUCKLES]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Shows how in love we are.
- Well, we're still trying.
- [CHUCKLES]
JACK: Not today.
Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Dawnie's not feeling too flash.
- You okay?
- Um, I'm all right.
Want me to look you over?
I-I just need to put my feet up.
Back to the party,
the both of you.
I'll go along just to be sure.
- Yell if you need me.
- It's a lot of fuss over...
[GASPS] Oh!
Oh, dear.
I'm sorry.
My waters.
- JACK: Hospital for you.
- Too early.
- Come along, dear.
- Isn't it?
Dr. Duncan?
No, we'll see Doctor later.
No fuss now.
Mr. Briggs.
DAWN:
[BREATHES SHARPLY]
I'll be right behind.
SARAH: I'll come with you.
I...
No, you won't.
Sorry to bail.
It's [SIGHS]
- I'm so embarrassed.
- Don't be silly.
And don't worry.
She's not that early.
- She'll be jake.
- SARAH: We'll pop down later.
- [ENGINE STARTS]
- No need.
George will bring cigars.
[LAUGHS]
Are you worried?
She was told not to have
any more after Emma.
- Does Roy know that?
- She doesn't want him to.
If you need me.
- It's your wedding.
- [ENGINE REVVING]
[SIGHS]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[SNIFFLES]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[TICKING]
ANNA: Wow.
Peanut butter and jelly.
- [LAUGHS]
- Nah.
It's peanut paste and jam, mate.
I mustn't go native.
That is a craving,
however you say it.
Watch your figure.
This is beyond my control.
OLIVIA: [LAUGHING]
ANNA: Where is Matthew?
Settling Georgie.
He'll make a wonderful father.
Why does divorce take so long?
He's worth waiting for.
He is.
So is that one.
I've been wondering about what
sort of father Henry might be.
Is that what you're thinking
when you stare into the night?
That...
and should I tell him?
And, Livvy, how on earth
could I not conceive with Gino
with all the trying...
or with any of the men
in between...
- Anna!
- ...but I did in one night
with the most unlikely person?
So much for specialists.
- Yeah.
- [LAUGHS]
My little miracle.
And your confusion.
Yes, that, too.
It can't stay a secret forever.
Unless you decide
to give it away.
No, never.
Not after what happened with me.
My big question is Henry...
to tell or not to tell.
He'll have to guess.
If he saw me now.
If I stay here long enough,
I can fudge the dates.
You don't mind?
I approve.
He would only want you now
for the child.
That's as unhealthy
as my time with James.
Is it wrong to deny him
what he'd so love?
Why complicate your future...
or the child's?
It was one drunken night.
[SIGHS]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
You right?
HENRY:
What do you think?
- How many have you had?
- Two.
Pills, not drinks.
- I may need you.
- Why?
Dawn Briggs has gone into labor.
She's early.
A bit,
but that's not the issue.
When she gave birth
to her first and only child,
she had
a life-threatening hemorrhage.
I've told her I'll let her
attempt a normal delivery,
but the minute
things start deteriorating...
- A Caesar.
- JACK: So pull it together.
[DOOR OPENS]
How would you feel?
More worried for Dawn.
[DOOR CLOSES]
ELIZABETH:
[CLEARS THROAT]
- Mrs. Bligh.
- Mrs. Goddard.
Oh, yeah, right.
Sorry to hear
about what happened there.
Thank you.
You're comfortable?
HARRY: Thanks.
It's just for a night,
of course?
Uh...
I'm not sure
what invitation was extended.
Ah, I'll be driving James back.
Well, I'm hoping
he stays some time.
HARRY:
I don't have to dash home.
Sarah said something about
staying for her first...
- Shabbat... Friday night.
- Did she?
HARRY: She said she wanted
her friends there.
I see.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Mr. Polson,
I appeal to your discretion.
Your continued presence
can only complicate matters.
Henry Fox.
I don't see how...
James, with divorce imminent,
arrives with a male friend
from outside his sphere,
causing agitation
in another close male friend.
- Just by staying?
- The locals may be naive.
They are not blind.
[SCOFFS]
Is the risk worthwhile?
I don't want to cause
any trouble.
Good.
Thank you.
I'll tell Sarah another time.
There's nothing personal in it.
If I had a tenner
for every time I've heard that.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
Oh, that'll be Sarah.
They're off
to check on Mrs. Briggs.
I would prefer this stay
between ourselves, yes?
Sure.
[RINGING CONTINUES]
Hello?
Now, we will try
for a normal delivery,
but if things deteriorate...
Oh! You're here.
Good.
Oh.
Keep an eye on Roy.
- How are you?
- DAWN: [BREATHES SHARPLY]
Oh, I've been better.
- She's a trouper.
- We'll keep him occupied.
- [MOANS]
- Uh, back in a tick, hmm?
Ah! Ohhhh!
- [DOOR OPENS]
- [GROANS]
- [SCREAMING]
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- How's Roy?
- He's sniffed the mood.
I'm just hoping we're not forced
into an emergency Caesar.
Does she know the risks?
She wants to replace
the sons he lost.
[DAWN MOANING]
Keep him calm.
- [DOOR OPENS]
- Hopefully not much longer.
Can I see her?
Oh, goodness me, Mr. Briggs, no!
Women's matters.
SARAH:
Mysterious women's matters.
You stay right there.
[WILLIAMS' "THE DREAM OF OLWEN"
PLAYS]
[MUSIC ENDS]
You play it beautifully.
Learned for Douglas.
I've only recently felt up
to revisiting it.
I'd have come back if I hadn't
known it'd make things worse.
Oh, your letter made it clear.
I understood.
Oh, it's been a long day.
There seems little point
in waiting up for them.
Roy's her dearest friend.
It's their wedding night.
You're invited
to her Jewish dinner, I hear?
- Shabbat, Mother.
- I assume we all are.
It presents a weekly dilemma.
There's no obligation.
Making one a refugee from
the dining room each Friday.
Oh, it's so wonderful
to have you here.
Good night.
Night.
Good night, Mother.
Like the Middle East,
we have our Jewish question.
[CHUCKLES]
She seems unsettled.
There's a new mistress
in Ash Park.
It's all been notional
until now.
There are some things
I don't miss.
CAROLYN: [LAUGHS]
Let me unsettle you.
There's a deft segue.
With a proposition.
It's partly why I'm back.
I suspect Jack won't thank me.
- Good night.
[SMOOCHES, CHUCKLES]
[DOOR CLOSES]
I know it's late.
I can't put it down.
No wonder it's selling.
I heard your advice.
About Henry.
You were listening?
What happened to
"I've had lies and deceit"?
He's a homosexual.
But you made such a noise about
being above Bligh intrigue.
Henry should know,
whatever he is.
I don't agree.
So you're all for truth
as long as it suits you?
- No, I just...
- If it doesn't,
it's just lies all the way?
I call that hypocrisy.
I'd like you to sleep on it.
- Matt...
- Not now.
I'm too disappointed.
[YAWNS]
The clunk
as he collects his board
has become my alarm clock.
[LAUGHS]
You're up early.
I haven't slept.
We've had
our first disagreement.
Real one.
Oh, he's been dogged at times,
but never like this.
Why?
It's my own fault.
I made such a fuss
about Bligh double standards.
He heard us talking.
I don't understand.
- Henry.
- Oh.
Paternal rights trump all,
apparently.
The fact it's your body
seems irrelevant.
Livvy, I don't want
to cause trouble.
OLIVIA:
Anna, it's not your fault.
I've an even bigger problem.
It's what kept me awake.
If he was this angry about you,
how can we marry
with a lie over our heads?
What lie?
Georgie.
I've been avoiding the problem.
None of us would say anything.
It's not right
that Matt doesn't know
when he's going
to be his father.
He has to be told at some point.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
The longer I wait,
the less likely that is.
[ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
JAMES: Make it two.
You can't sleep?
No, I was just taking in
the night.
How's Roy's wife?
Sarah's putting on a good face.
The fact she won't leave
the hospital says more.
It's not how I expected
to spend tonight.
I'm sure.
Thank you.
So, how was it?
Looking out over the old domain?
Regrets?
No.
Standing there then,
it brought...
...clarity.
It's my past.
I'm glad I was here
for today, however.
You're not dashing off?
I have that business
in the city.
It's a large part
of why I returned.
It's, uh, too painful
to stay any longer.
Henry?
Memories.
At least give
your grandmother tomorrow.
I hope she understands.
ELIZABETH: She does.
The morning will suffice.
I will wait for news
of Mrs. Briggs in my room.
Would you like
to take the time now?
Oh, when we're fresh.
An early start.
[CLOCK CHIMING]
She's changed.
We all have.
No guilt.
No obligation.
Go.
With our blessing.
At least you know your place.
- [GASPS]
- Snap!
ANNA:
Oh, you're a clever one.
Mummy, Mummy!
I won!
Where's Mummy?
Let's have another game.
You shuffle this time, okay?
And no cheating, mister.
[SIGHS]
[DAWN SCREAMS]
Oh.
Goodness me, Mr. Polson.
My apologies.
- Fine by me, Mrs. Collins.
- [SCREAMING CONTINUES]
That can't be good, eh?
I'll check again.
"In sorrow, thou shalt
bring forth children."
Genesis 3:16.
It's a painful journey
to a marvelous end, Mr. Briggs.
[DAWN SCREAMING]
- Fetal distress.
- Dawnie.
There's no time, Roy.
I'm all right, love.
We both are.
- You're my girl.
- She's in good hands.
I love you.
We're all with ya.
She'll be fine.
Promise?
She'll be fine, eh?
- Yeah.
ROY: She'll be fine.
MATTHEW: [SIGHS]
ANNA:
I kept him occupied.
He didn't hear.
He's just playing in his room.
Thank you.
So, you all knew about this?
He's part of the family.
[SIGHS]
Might be best if I moved on.
Stay if you like.
We're going.
Matt insists
we return to Sydney.
There could be
a heartbroken mother back there.
I can't be his father
until I know whoever gave him up
- doesn't regret it.
- It was her choice.
Under what circumstances?
Have you forgotten
the baby you lost?
- No.
- You know the feeling, then.
She should at least know
he's safe and loved.
I'll book the flight.
What if she does regret it?
She's his mother.
He won't even try to see
my point of view.
- You don't have to go.
- [CHUCKLES]
I do.
If I want him.
He said that?
Yes.
You may not well find her.
And even if you do, it's most
likely she'll not want him.
What if she does?
Well, you deal with it then.
You have two choices.
Go with Matt or break it off.
Now.
How can he do this to me?
It's clearly struck a chord.
I should never have spoken.
ANNA: But you did.
So?
Do I want someone
who'd ask this of me?
Only you can answer that.
Shouldn't you talk
to Jack first?
I would have, if he'd come home.
I thought all night.
I know with utter certainty.
So he can like it or lump it?
I won't keep limiting myself
because Jack fears change.
I am causing a problem.
You are bringing to a head
something that's always there.
Perhaps this is
the crunch point we need.
Why is he so stuck?
Inverness has always
been his safe place.
Look what happened to him
out there in the world.
Horrors.
You can't talk him through it?
He's a man.
Women share.
You men store.
Dark water stagnates.
- Maybe this will get it flowing.
- If not?
[SIGHS]
We can't keep on this way.
Ah, good.
Let's make each moment count.
JAMES: We will.
Grandmother?
There's somewhere
I'd like us to go.
[SHEEP BLEATING]
As much as she threatened to,
she never exposed me.
Amongst the hate,
there were specks of love.
Perhaps her final salvation.
That's why
I can tolerate this here.
Not that it was my choice.
What does or doesn't happen
is no longer my affair.
- Father and Sarah want you here.
- [SIGHS]
But do I want to share
in inevitable change?
Ash Park has a new mistress.
I never guessed how hard
it would be until it was.
- The queen is dead.
- [CHUCKLES]
Long live the queen.
Well, perhaps like you,
my future is elsewhere.
There's always a bed for you
at Cap Ferrat.
The duke and Wallis
may meet their match
- with you at the table.
- Name-dropper.
Well?
I love you.
Thank you.
When so many others mightn't.
What a way we've come.
And how much further to go.
Something to sustain.
Can't be much longer.
Sister Nordm... Oh.
Mrs. Bligh is just checking.
That's going to take
some getting used to, hmm?
No.
- You want me to...
- No, no.
No.
Best me.
Dear God.
Oh, dear.
Dawnie?
And the little one?
Both?
Roy.
- Mr. Briggs...
- No, no, no, no, no.
No, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Roy. Roy!
Roy.
[ENGINE STARTS]
I got to...
- Can I...
- No.
She'll need you.
[VOICE BREAKING]
Stupid.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[CRYING]
[SIGHS]
I made the right choices.
I did, didn't I?
- You did.
- I felt I did.
The tranquilizers...
- Were out of your system.
- Uh-huh.
We're meant to save.
- Roy?
- Sarah's got it.
I didn't say "I love you."
She said it, and I didn't.
I shoulda.
I come here to ask the old girl
to be there when Dawnie arrives.
She'll be frightened.
Was it a boy or a girl?
A girl.
My boys'll see
their little sister right.
Give her a cuddle.
All there together.
How'd you know I'd be here?
I know you.
They'll like each other,
the old girl and Dawnie.
I used to say,
"You'd have liked her, Dawnie."
A man needs a mate
at a time like this.
Hey, go on.
Go on.
Off you go.
[CRYING]
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org